Microsoft and Slack (#9055)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## April 2026

> - **Enhancement:** [Slack notifications (account)](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#slack-notifications-account) and [Microsoft Teams notifications](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#microsoft-teams-notifications) are now generally available, so you can send job notifications directly to Slack and Teams channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** [Slack notifications (account-level)](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#slack-notifications-account) and [Microsoft Teams notifications](/docs/deploy/job-notifications#microsoft-teams-notifications) are now generally available, enabling you to send job notifications directly to Slack channels configured at the account level, and to Teams channels.
```
